SelectBox: Update searchMode topic (#7659)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxSelectBox/1 Configuration/searchMode.md

This property changes how users search SelectBox items and controls the component's auto-fill functionality. The following values are available for **searchMode**:

- *'contains'*    

> Searches items that **contain** the typed text. SelectBox does not activate auto-fill.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Searches items that **contain** the typed text. SelectBox does not activate autofill.
```

- *'startswith'*    

> Searches items that **start with** the typed text. SelectBox auto-fills the input with the first matched item if [acceptCustomValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSelectBox/Configuration/#acceptCustomValue) is disabled (default). If **acceptCustomValue** is `true`, the component does not activate auto-fill.

Reviewer: 1. Please change "auto-fills" to "autofills".

2. Change "auto-fill" to "autofill".

3. Can we change "is disabled" to "is `false`"?

Author: Yeah absolutely, we can use `false` instead of disabled

Author: ```suggestion
Searches items that **start with** the typed text. SelectBox autofills the input with the first matched item if [acceptCustomValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSelectBox/Configuration/#acceptCustomValue) is `false` (default). If **acceptCustomValue** is `true`, the component does not activate autofill.
```
